dev-admin - dev admin
database: cannabis_delivery_v1
username: jb9if8nvve9l9g0399cs
host: us-east.connect.psdb.cloud
password: pscale_pw_bMnzYmBLzWe2McbF8Nb1kH8cSRjyfvYZtU3G9678WEv

dev - dev rw
database: cannabis_delivery_v1
username: 3lye41h59tjh9bty4q8m
host: us-east.connect.psdb.cloud
password: pscale_pw_7o2cGrMJcWUcltkf0OoPxAZRnMvhePL9nh50of4eyOP

supertokens-user - dev admin
database: cannabis_delivery_v1
username: 5rym7hkijdnzxdirhiw8
host: us-east.connect.psdb.cloud
password: pscale_pw_k7kY1HvI5XnaRKePgW52jv01EQXj8FxJFAhL43YCTzP

docker-dev - dev rw
database: cannabis_delivery_v1
username: wri4e38fd9d12ao3r6az
host: us-east.connect.psdb.cloud
password: pscale_pw_KTjejdcT7n2ZSsdsbqbqDsRqHDkIk45ZydaP3VkrsyG

prod-admin - main admin
database: cannabis_delivery_v1
username: edyxcgwnxao3sgsl7rmq
host: us-east.connect.psdb.cloud
password: pscale_pw_OdxL41SLEznVPek7orIQJB4ufzRxawn97gbcaM3v2yr

production - main rw
database: cannabis_delivery_v1
username: av0tz0l4gvr26wk2w2j7
host: us-east.connect.psdb.cloud
password: pscale_pw_3fc11nBdGzxMpPL48oiaTIImF9NFnoUYv9KdUxfhjeh

supertokens-production
database: cannabis_delivery_v1
username: c1ezawzu4vy9i1vfj5pv
host: us-east.connect.psdb.cloud
password: pscale_pw_av7XICitgWzr1ofk0p9NP4Q1jSkvEVuhMhpXkoku18s
